com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/RNFrame.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNFrame
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/Constants.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.Constants
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/utils/ScopedContext.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.utils.ScopedContext
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/utils/ImageDimensions.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.utils.ImageDimensions
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/PictureSavedEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.PictureSavedEvent
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/AspectRatio.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.AspectRatio
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.AspectRatio$1
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/Camera2.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$2
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$3
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$4
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$5
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$6
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$7
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$8
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$9
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2$PictureCaptureCallback
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/Constants.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Constants
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/DisplayOrientationDetector.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.DisplayOrientationDetector
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.DisplayOrientationDetector$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/tasks/BarCodeScannerAsyncTask.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.BarCodeScannerAsyncTask
com/bhbapp/RNCameraModule/camera/tasks/BarcodeDetectorAsyncTask.java
 com.bhbapp.RNCameraModule.camera.tasks.BarcodeDetectorAsyncTask
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/Camera1.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$1$1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$1$2
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$10
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$10$1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$10$2
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$10$3
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$11
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$2
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$3
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$4
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$5
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$6
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$7
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$8
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera1$9
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/SurfaceViewPreview.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.SurfaceViewPreview
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.SurfaceViewPreview$1
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/TextureViewPreview.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.TextureViewPreview
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.TextureViewPreview$1
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/CameraView.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$1
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$Callback
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$CallbackBridge
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$Facing
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$Flash
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$SavedState
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraView$SavedState$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/TouchEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.TouchEvent
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/Size.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Size
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Size$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/tasks/BarCodeScannerAsyncTaskDelegate.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.BarCodeScannerAsyncTaskDelegate
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/utils/ObjectUtils.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.utils.ObjectUtils
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/Camera2Api23.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.Camera2Api23
com/bhbapp/MainActivity.java
 com.bhbapp.MainActivity
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/tasks/BarcodeDetectorAsyncTaskDelegate.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.BarcodeDetectorAsyncTaskDelegate
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/RNFrameFactory.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNFrameFactory
com/bhbapp/RNCameraModule/barcodedetector/RNBarcodeDetector.java
 com.bhbapp.RNCameraModule.barcodedetector.RNBarcodeDetector
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/PictureTakenEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.PictureTakenEvent
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/SizeMap.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.SizeMap
com/bhbapp/MainApplication.java
 com.bhbapp.MainApplication
 com.bhbapp.MainApplication$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/frame/RNFrameFactory.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.frame.RNFrameFactory
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/frame/RNFrame.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.frame.RNFrame
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/CameraViewImpl.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraViewImpl
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.CameraViewImpl$Callback
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/tasks/PictureSavedDelegate.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.PictureSavedDelegate
com/bhbapp/com/google/android/cameraview/PreviewImpl.java
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.PreviewImpl
 com.bhbapp.com.google.android.cameraview.PreviewImpl$Callback
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/RecordingStartEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.RecordingStartEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/utils/RNFileUtils.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.utils.RNFileUtils
com/bhbapp/RNCameraModule/barcodedetector/BarcodeFormatUtils.java
 com.bhbapp.RNCameraModule.barcodedetector.BarcodeFormatUtils
com/bhbapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.bhbapp.BuildConfig
com/bhbapp/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.bhbapp.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.bhbapp.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.bhbapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.bhbapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/CameraReadyEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.CameraReadyEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/BarcodesDetectedEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.BarcodesDetectedEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/BarCodeReadEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.BarCodeReadEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/RNCameraPackage.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraPackage
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/RecordingEndEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.RecordingEndEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/BarcodeDetectionErrorEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.BarcodeDetectionErrorEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/events/CameraMountErrorEvent.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.events.CameraMountErrorEvent
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/RNCameraView.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$1
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$2
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$3
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$4
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$5
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$6
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraView$7
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/RNCameraViewHelper.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$1
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$10
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$2
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$3
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$4
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$5
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$6
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$7
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$8
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.RNCameraViewHelper$9
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/tasks/ResolveTakenPictureAsyncTask.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.ResolveTakenPictureAsyncTask
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.tasks.ResolveTakenPictureAsyncTask$1
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/CameraModule.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$1
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$10
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$11
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$12
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$13
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$14
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$1
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$2
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$3
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$4
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$5
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$6
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$7
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$2$8
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$3
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$4
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$5
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$6
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$7
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$8
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraModule$9
com/bhbapp/org/reactnative/camera/CameraViewManager.java
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraViewManager
 com.bhbapp.org.reactnative.camera.CameraViewManager$Events
